Adding community meeting info to our README.md (#231)
hyperlight-dev/hyperlight: README.md

> Note: For general Hyperlight development, you may also need flatc (Flatbuffer compiler): for instructions,
> see [here](https://github.com/google/flatbuffers).

## Join our Community Meetings

> This project holds bi-weekly community meetings to discuss the project's progress, roadmap, and any other topics of interest. The meetings are open to everyone, and we encourage you to join us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project holds fortnightly community meetings to discuss the project's progress, roadmap, and any other topics of interest. The meetings are open to everyone, and we encourage you to join us.
```
